doc/ecosystem.rst, before:

ASE ecosystem
=============

This is a list of software packages related to ASE or using ASE.
These could well be of interest to ASE users in general.
If you know of a project which
should be listed here, but isn't, please open a merge request adding
link and descriptive paragraph.

Listed in alphabetical order, for want of a better approach.

 * `atomicrex <https://atomicrex.org/>`_:
   atomicrex is a versatile tool for the construction of interatomic
   potential models. It includes a Python interface for integration
   with first-principles codes via ASE as well as other Python
   libraries.

 * `CLEASE <https://gitlab.com/computationalmaterials/clease#clease>`_:
   CLuster Expansion in Atomic Simulation Environment (CLEASE) is a package
   that automates the cumbersome setup and construction procedure of cluster
   expansion (CE). It provides a comprehensive list of tools for specifying
   parameters for CE, generating training structures, fitting effective cluster
   interaction (ECI) values and running Monte Carlo simulations.

 * `COGEF <https://cogef.gitlab.io/cogef/>`_:
   COnstrained Geometries simulate External Force.  This
   package is useful for analysing properties of bond-breaking
   reactions, such as how much force is required to break a chemical
   bond.

 * `evgraf <https://github.com/pmla/evgraf>`_:
   A python library for crystal reduction (i.e. finding primitive cells), and
   identification and symmetrization of structures with inversion
   pseudosymmetry.

 * `hiphive <https://hiphive.materialsmodeling.org>`_:
   hiPhive is a tool for efficiently extracting high-order force
   constants. It is interfaced with ASE to enable easy integration
   with first-principles codes. hiphive also provides an ASE-style
   calculator to enable sampling of force constant expansions via
   molecular dynamics simulations.

 * `icet <https://icet.materialsmodeling.org/>`_:
   The integration cluster expansion toolkit. icet is a flexible and
   extendable software package for constructing and sampling alloy
   cluster expansions. It supports a wide range of regression and
   validation techniques, and includes a Monte Carlo module with
   support for many different thermodynamic ensembles.

 * `Sella <https://github.com/zadorlab/sella>`_:
   Sella is a saddle point refinement (optimization) tool which uses
   the `Optimize <ase/optimize.html>`_ API. Sella supports minimization and
   refinement of arbitrary-order saddle points with constraints.
   Additionally, Sella can perform intrinsic reaction coordinate (IRC)
   calculations.

 * `Wulffpack <https://wulffpack.materialsmodeling.org/>`_:
   Python package for making Wulff constructions, typically for finding
   equilibrium shapes of nanoparticles. WulffPack constructs both continuum
   models and atomistic structures for further modeling with, e.g., molecular
   dynamics or density functional theory.

 * `FHI-vibes <https://vibes-developers.gitlab.io/vibes/>`_:
   A python package for calculating and analyzing the vibrational properties 
   of solids from first principles. FHI-vibes bridges between the harmonic 
   approximation and fully anharmonic molecular dynamics simulations. 
   FHI-vibes builds on several existing packages including ASE, and provides 
   a consistent and user-friendly interface.

Commit message:

add gpatom to ecosystem and reorder alphabetically

doc/ecosystem.rst, after:

ASE ecosystem
=============

This is a list of software packages related to ASE or using ASE.
These could well be of interest to ASE users in general.
If you know of a project which
should be listed here, but isn't, please open a merge request adding
link and descriptive paragraph.

Listed in alphabetical order, for want of a better approach.

 * `atomicrex <https://atomicrex.org/>`_:
   atomicrex is a versatile tool for the construction of interatomic
   potential models. It includes a Python interface for integration
   with first-principles codes via ASE as well as other Python
   libraries.

 * `CLEASE <https://gitlab.com/computationalmaterials/clease#clease>`_:
   CLuster Expansion in Atomic Simulation Environment (CLEASE) is a package
   that automates the cumbersome setup and construction procedure of cluster
   expansion (CE). It provides a comprehensive list of tools for specifying
   parameters for CE, generating training structures, fitting effective cluster
   interaction (ECI) values and running Monte Carlo simulations.

 * `COGEF <https://cogef.gitlab.io/cogef/>`_:
   COnstrained Geometries simulate External Force.  This
   package is useful for analysing properties of bond-breaking
   reactions, such as how much force is required to break a chemical
   bond.

 * `evgraf <https://github.com/pmla/evgraf>`_:
   A python library for crystal reduction (i.e. finding primitive cells), and
   identification and symmetrization of structures with inversion
   pseudosymmetry.

 * `FHI-vibes <https://vibes-developers.gitlab.io/vibes/>`_:
   A python package for calculating and analyzing the vibrational properties
   of solids from first principles. FHI-vibes bridges between the harmonic
   approximation and fully anharmonic molecular dynamics simulations.
   FHI-vibes builds on several existing packages including ASE, and provides
   a consistent and user-friendly interface.

 * `gpatom <https://gitlab.com/gpatom/ase-gpatom>`_: APython package
   which provides several tools for geometry optimisation and related
   tasks in atomistic systems using machine learning surrogate models.
   gpatom is an extension to the Atomic Simulation Environment.

 * `hiphive <https://hiphive.materialsmodeling.org>`_:
   hiPhive is a tool for efficiently extracting high-order force
   constants. It is interfaced with ASE to enable easy integration
   with first-principles codes. hiphive also provides an ASE-style
   calculator to enable sampling of force constant expansions via
   molecular dynamics simulations.

 * `icet <https://icet.materialsmodeling.org/>`_:
   The integration cluster expansion toolkit. icet is a flexible and
   extendable software package for constructing and sampling alloy
   cluster expansions. It supports a wide range of regression and
   validation techniques, and includes a Monte Carlo module with
   support for many different thermodynamic ensembles.

 * `Sella <https://github.com/zadorlab/sella>`_:
   Sella is a saddle point refinement (optimization) tool which uses
   the `Optimize <ase/optimize.html>`_ API. Sella supports minimization and
   refinement of arbitrary-order saddle points with constraints.
   Additionally, Sella can perform intrinsic reaction coordinate (IRC)
   calculations.

 * `Wulffpack <https://wulffpack.materialsmodeling.org/>`_:
   Python package for making Wulff constructions, typically for finding
   equilibrium shapes of nanoparticles. WulffPack constructs both continuum
   models and atomistic structures for further modeling with, e.g., molecular
   dynamics or density functional theory.
